_pages/abstract_sub.md, before:

---
permalink: /abstract_sub/
title: "Abstract Submission"
---

Information about abstract and paper submissions is forthcoming. We expect paper to be due early in 2021.

The conference proceedings will be published in Lecture Notes in Computer Science (LNCS).

Authors should consult [Springer's authors' guidelines](https://nam02.safelinks.protection.outlook.com/?url=ftp%3A%2F%2Fftp.springernature.com%2Fcs-proceeding%2Fsvproc%2Fguidelines%2FSpringer_Guidelines_for_Authors_of_Proceedings.pdf&data=02%7C01%7Cluigi.perotti%40ucf.edu%7C65166400d3ed45a267ba08d8174ba597%7Cbb932f15ef3842ba91fcf3c59d5dd1f1%7C0%7C1%7C637284961290990253&sdata=tYY3BtXh5x1iJXmY2oyp9IbWI%2FujqvYWqFKJftnwSV0%3D&reserved=0) and use their proceedings templates, either for [Latex](https://nam02.safelinks.protection.outlook.com/?url=ftp%3A%2F%2Fftp.springernature.com%2Fcs-proceeding%2Fllncs%2Fllncs2e.zip&data=02%7C01%7Cluigi.perotti%40ucf.edu%7C65166400d3ed45a267ba08d8174ba597%7Cbb932f15ef3842ba91fcf3c59d5dd1f1%7C0%7C1%7C637284961290990253&sdata=EbgB7IMGpIRtspQt642cF3vs31eUvl6BMLrUUqv9tWs%3D&reserved=0) or for [Word](https://nam02.safelinks.protection.outlook.com/?url=ftp%3A%2F%2Fftp.springernature.com%2Fcs-proceeding%2Fllncs%2Fword%2Fsplnproc1703.zip&data=02%7C01%7Cluigi.perotti%40ucf.edu%7C65166400d3ed45a267ba08d8174ba597%7Cbb932f15ef3842ba91fcf3c59d5dd1f1%7C0%7C1%7C637284961291000247&sdata=vMKykRz85b5vr%2BZPfuf6%2FP%2BLiQNpCZAVdFpQDA9HfYY%3D&reserved=0), for the preparation of their papers. Springer encourages authors to include their [ORCIDs](https://www.springer.com/gp/authors-editors/orcid?wt_mc=Other.Other.1.AUT642.ORCID+proceedings+pilot+2017&utm_medium=other&utm_source=other&utm_content=8232017&utm_campaign=1_barz01_orcid+proceedings+pilot+2017) in their papers. In addition, the corresponding author of each paper, acting on behalf of all of the authors of that paper, must complete and sign a Consent-to-Publish form. The corresponding author signing the copyright form should match the corresponding author marked on the paper. Once the files have been sent to Springer, changes relating to the authorship of the papers cannot be made.

Authors can download relevant templates and partially completed "Consent-to-Publish form" at the following links: [Latex template](https://nam02.safelinks.protection.outlook.com/?url=ftp%3A%2F%2Fftp.springernature.com%2Fcs-proceeding%2Fllncs%2Fllncs2e.zip&data=02%7C01%7Cluigi.perotti%40ucf.edu%7C65166400d3ed45a267ba08d8174ba597%7Cbb932f15ef3842ba91fcf3c59d5dd1f1%7C0%7C1%7C637284961290990253&sdata=EbgB7IMGpIRtspQt642cF3vs31eUvl6BMLrUUqv9tWs%3D&reserved=0), [Word template](https://nam02.safelinks.protection.outlook.com/?url=ftp%3A%2F%2Fftp.springernature.com%2Fcs-proceeding%2Fllncs%2Fword%2Fsplnproc1703.zip&data=02%7C01%7Cluigi.perotti%40ucf.edu%7C65166400d3ed45a267ba08d8174ba597%7Cbb932f15ef3842ba91fcf3c59d5dd1f1%7C0%7C1%7C637284961291000247&sdata=vMKykRz85b5vr%2BZPfuf6%2FP%2BLiQNpCZAVdFpQDA9HfYY%3D&reserved=0), and partially complated [Consent-to-Publish form](). 
Springer’s proceedings LaTeX templates are also available directly in [Overleaf](https://www.overleaf.com/latex/templates/springer-lecture-notes-in-computer-science/kzwwpvhwnvfj#.WsdHOy5uZpg).

 Previous FIMH proceedings can be found here [https://link.springer.com/conference/fimh](https://link.springer.com/conference/fimh).

Commit message:

Added LNCS logo and info on open access - abs sub

_pages/abstract_sub.md, after:

---
permalink: /abstract_sub/
title: "Abstract Submission"
---

Information about abstract and paper submissions is forthcoming. _We expect paper to be due early in 2021_.

The conference proceedings will be published in Lecture Notes in Computer Science (LNCS) ![](https://github.com/fimh2021/fimh2021.github.io/blob/master/assets/images/LNCS-Logo.jpg).

Authors should consult [Springer's authors' guidelines](https://nam02.safelinks.protection.outlook.com/?url=ftp%3A%2F%2Fftp.springernature.com%2Fcs-proceeding%2Fsvproc%2Fguidelines%2FSpringer_Guidelines_for_Authors_of_Proceedings.pdf&data=02%7C01%7Cluigi.perotti%40ucf.edu%7C65166400d3ed45a267ba08d8174ba597%7Cbb932f15ef3842ba91fcf3c59d5dd1f1%7C0%7C1%7C637284961290990253&sdata=tYY3BtXh5x1iJXmY2oyp9IbWI%2FujqvYWqFKJftnwSV0%3D&reserved=0) and use their proceedings templates, either for [Latex](https://nam02.safelinks.protection.outlook.com/?url=ftp%3A%2F%2Fftp.springernature.com%2Fcs-proceeding%2Fllncs%2Fllncs2e.zip&data=02%7C01%7Cluigi.perotti%40ucf.edu%7C65166400d3ed45a267ba08d8174ba597%7Cbb932f15ef3842ba91fcf3c59d5dd1f1%7C0%7C1%7C637284961290990253&sdata=EbgB7IMGpIRtspQt642cF3vs31eUvl6BMLrUUqv9tWs%3D&reserved=0) or for [Word](https://nam02.safelinks.protection.outlook.com/?url=ftp%3A%2F%2Fftp.springernature.com%2Fcs-proceeding%2Fllncs%2Fword%2Fsplnproc1703.zip&data=02%7C01%7Cluigi.perotti%40ucf.edu%7C65166400d3ed45a267ba08d8174ba597%7Cbb932f15ef3842ba91fcf3c59d5dd1f1%7C0%7C1%7C637284961291000247&sdata=vMKykRz85b5vr%2BZPfuf6%2FP%2BLiQNpCZAVdFpQDA9HfYY%3D&reserved=0), for the preparation of their papers. Springer encourages authors to include their [ORCIDs](https://www.springer.com/gp/authors-editors/orcid?wt_mc=Other.Other.1.AUT642.ORCID+proceedings+pilot+2017&utm_medium=other&utm_source=other&utm_content=8232017&utm_campaign=1_barz01_orcid+proceedings+pilot+2017) in their papers. In addition, the corresponding author of each paper, acting on behalf of all of the authors of that paper, must complete and sign a [Consent-to-Publish form](). The corresponding author signing the copyright form should match the corresponding author marked on the paper. Once the files have been sent to Springer, changes relating to the authorship of the papers cannot be made.

Authors can download relevant templates and partially completed "Consent-to-Publish form" at the following links: [Latex template](https://nam02.safelinks.protection.outlook.com/?url=ftp%3A%2F%2Fftp.springernature.com%2Fcs-proceeding%2Fllncs%2Fllncs2e.zip&data=02%7C01%7Cluigi.perotti%40ucf.edu%7C65166400d3ed45a267ba08d8174ba597%7Cbb932f15ef3842ba91fcf3c59d5dd1f1%7C0%7C1%7C637284961290990253&sdata=EbgB7IMGpIRtspQt642cF3vs31eUvl6BMLrUUqv9tWs%3D&reserved=0), [Word template](https://nam02.safelinks.protection.outlook.com/?url=ftp%3A%2F%2Fftp.springernature.com%2Fcs-proceeding%2Fllncs%2Fword%2Fsplnproc1703.zip&data=02%7C01%7Cluigi.perotti%40ucf.edu%7C65166400d3ed45a267ba08d8174ba597%7Cbb932f15ef3842ba91fcf3c59d5dd1f1%7C0%7C1%7C637284961291000247&sdata=vMKykRz85b5vr%2BZPfuf6%2FP%2BLiQNpCZAVdFpQDA9HfYY%3D&reserved=0), and partially complated [Consent-to-Publish form](). 
Springer’s proceedings LaTeX templates are also available directly in [Overleaf](https://www.overleaf.com/latex/templates/springer-lecture-notes-in-computer-science/kzwwpvhwnvfj#.WsdHOy5uZpg).

If authors contributing to FIMH 2021 are interested in **Open Access/Open Choice**, please let us know as a different consent to publish form is needed. Open accees cost can be found [here](https://www.springer.com/gp/computer-science/lncs/open-access-publishing-in-computer-proceedings).

 Previous FIMH proceedings can be found here: [https://link.springer.com/conference/fimh](https://link.springer.com/conference/fimh).
